[v5] Do not swallow errors (#4145)
statelyai/xstate: .changeset/chilled-bobcats-lay.md

---
'xstate': minor
---

Significant improvements to error handling have been made:

- Actors will no longer crash when an error is thrown in an observer (`actor.subscribe(observer)`).
- Errors will be handled by observer's `.error()` handler:
  ```ts
  actor.subscribe({
    error: (error) => {
      // handle error
    }
  });
  ```

> - If an observer does not have an error handler, the error will be thrown normally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If an observer does not have an error handler, the error will be thrown in a clear stack so bug tracking services can collect it.
```
